vnext/docs/api/react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [react-native-windows](./react-native-windows.md) &gt; [IFlyoutProps](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md)

## IFlyoutProps interface

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface IFlyoutProps extends ViewProps 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [horizontalOffset](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.horizontaloffset.md) | <code>number</code> |  |
|  [isLightDismissEnabled](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.islightdismissenabled.md) | <code>boolean</code> |  |
|  [isOpen](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.isopen.md) | <code>boolean</code> |  |
|  [onDismiss](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.ondismiss.md) | <code>(isOpen: boolean) =&gt; void</code> |  |
|  [placement](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.placement.md) | <code>Placement</code> |  |
|  [target](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.target.md) | <code>React.ReactNode</code> |  |
|  [verticalOffset](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.verticaloffset.md) | <code>number</code> |  |

Commit message:

Cknestri/overlay (#3003)
* Update placement mapping

* Add isOverlayEnabled

* Change files

* Fix ;

* Format

* Add API Extractor documentation

* Build fixes

vnext/docs/api/react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [react-native-windows](./react-native-windows.md) &gt; [IFlyoutProps](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md)

## IFlyoutProps interface

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface IFlyoutProps extends ViewProps 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [horizontalOffset](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.horizontaloffset.md) | <code>number</code> |  |
|  [isLightDismissEnabled](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.islightdismissenabled.md) | <code>boolean</code> |  |
|  [isOpen](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.isopen.md) | <code>boolean</code> |  |
|  [isOverlayEnabled](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.isoverlayenabled.md) | <code>boolean</code> | Specifies whether the area outside the flyout is darkened |
|  [onDismiss](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.ondismiss.md) | <code>(isOpen: boolean) =&gt; void</code> |  |
|  [placement](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.placement.md) | <code>Placement</code> |  |
|  [target](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.target.md) | <code>React.ReactNode</code> |  |
|  [verticalOffset](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.verticaloffset.md) | <code>number</code> |  |
