vnext/docs/api/react-native-windows.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [react-native-windows](./react-native-windows.md)

## react-native-windows package

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [Alert](./react-native-windows.alert.md) |  |
|  [CheckBox](./react-native-windows.checkbox.md) |  |
|  [DatePicker](./react-native-windows.datepicker.md) |  |
|  [Flyout](./react-native-windows.flyout.md) |  |
|  [Glyph](./react-native-windows.glyph.md) |  |
|  [Picker](./react-native-windows.picker.md) |  |
|  [Popup](./react-native-windows.popup.md) |  |
|  [ViewWindows](./react-native-windows.viewwindows.md) | Same as [react-native's View](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view)<!-- -->, but with extra windows specific functionality |

## Enumerations

|  Enumeration | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [DayOfWeek](./react-native-windows.dayofweek.md) |  |
|  [EventPhase](./react-native-windows.eventphase.md) |  |
|  [HandledEventPhase](./react-native-windows.handledeventphase.md) |  |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [IAppThemeChangedEvent](./react-native-windows.iappthemechangedevent.md) |  |
|  [IDatePickerChangeEvent](./react-native-windows.idatepickerchangeevent.md) |  |
|  [IDatePickerProps](./react-native-windows.idatepickerprops.md) |  |
|  [IFlyoutProps](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md) |  |
|  [IHandledKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.ihandledkeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [IHighContrastChangedEvent](./react-native-windows.ihighcontrastchangedevent.md) |  |
|  [IHighContrastColors](./react-native-windows.ihighcontrastcolors.md) | Color information for high contrast |
|  [IKeyboardProps](./react-native-windows.ikeyboardprops.md) |  |
|  [INativeKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.inativekeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [IPopupProps](./react-native-windows.ipopupprops.md) |  |
|  [IViewWindowsProps](./react-native-windows.iviewwindowsprops.md) |  |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AppTheme](./react-native-windows.apptheme.md) |  |
|  [supportKeyboard](./react-native-windows.supportkeyboard.md) |  |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AppThemeTypes](./react-native-windows.appthemetypes.md) |  |
|  [Buttons](./react-native-windows.buttons.md) |  |
|  [IKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.ikeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [Placement](./react-native-windows.placement.md) |  |

Commit message:

Update vnext to react-native 0.60 (#3191)
* Initial RN0.60 branch creation

* More progress towards getting bundling working

* Get RNTester bundle in playground booting

* Get RNTester booting again.

* Update def files for x86 and arm

* Bump versions

* Fix sample apps bundle

* Remove dead def

* Change files

* More fixes

* Update RNW from using legacy rnpm config to newer cli config

* fix RNTester bundles

* Remove duplication of RNTester

* IntegrationTests needs to be copied from react-native too

* Change files

* Fix generator to not depend on react-native-local-cli

* RNTester uses gif files too...

* Fix logging test

* More fixes

* yarn format

* Update template to use new app screen.

* Fix picker, checkbox, datepicker and enable serval RNTester pages.

* Sync latest microsoft/react-native

* yarn format

* update

* Add --overwrite option to init cli

* Command to build bundle needs to be updated for latest template

vnext/docs/api/react-native-windows.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [react-native-windows](./react-native-windows.md)

## react-native-windows package

This package provides Windows specific components and provides JS implementations for some react-native primitives Cross platform React-native primitives should be imported from 'react-native' Windows specific components need to be imported from 'react-native-windows'

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [DatePicker](./react-native-windows.datepicker.md) |  |
|  [Flyout](./react-native-windows.flyout.md) |  |
|  [Glyph](./react-native-windows.glyph.md) |  |
|  [Picker](./react-native-windows.picker.md) |  |
|  [Popup](./react-native-windows.popup.md) |  |

## Enumerations

|  Enumeration | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [DayOfWeek](./react-native-windows.dayofweek.md) |  |
|  [EventPhase](./react-native-windows.eventphase.md) |  |
|  [HandledEventPhase](./react-native-windows.handledeventphase.md) |  |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [IAppThemeChangedEvent](./react-native-windows.iappthemechangedevent.md) |  |
|  [IDatePickerChangeEvent](./react-native-windows.idatepickerchangeevent.md) |  |
|  [IDatePickerProps](./react-native-windows.idatepickerprops.md) |  |
|  [IFlyoutProps](./react-native-windows.iflyoutprops.md) |  |
|  [IHandledKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.ihandledkeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [IHighContrastChangedEvent](./react-native-windows.ihighcontrastchangedevent.md) |  |
|  [IHighContrastColors](./react-native-windows.ihighcontrastcolors.md) | Color information for high contrast |
|  [IKeyboardProps](./react-native-windows.ikeyboardprops.md) |  |
|  [INativeKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.inativekeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [IPopupProps](./react-native-windows.ipopupprops.md) |  |
|  [IViewWindowsProps](./react-native-windows.iviewwindowsprops.md) |  |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AppTheme](./react-native-windows.apptheme.md) |  |
|  [supportKeyboard](./react-native-windows.supportkeyboard.md) |  |
|  [ViewWindows](./react-native-windows.viewwindows.md) | Same as [react-native's View](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view)<!-- -->, but with extra windows specific functionality |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AppTheme](./react-native-windows.apptheme.md) |  |
|  [AppThemeTypes](./react-native-windows.appthemetypes.md) |  |
|  [IKeyboardEvent](./react-native-windows.ikeyboardevent.md) |  |
|  [Placement](./react-native-windows.placement.md) |  |
|  [ViewWindows](./react-native-windows.viewwindows.md) |  |
